# PLEASE ADHERE TO ECE220'S ACADEMIC POLICY
## Cheating and Academic Integrity
We take cheating very seriously.

The Student Code defines cheating as "Using or attempting to use in any academic exercise materials, information, study aids, or electronic data that the student knows or should know is unauthorized" (§1-402(a)) and notes that "Substantial portions of the same academic work may not be submitted for credit more than once or by more than one student without authorization." (§1-402(a)(4))

The student code also disallows facilitation of cheating, prohibiting "Helping or attempting to help another to commit an infraction of academic integrity, where one knows or should know that through one’s acts or omissions such an infraction may be facilitated." (§1-402(c))

Cheating is an offense to the entire academic ecosystem: you, your classmates, and the course staff. It creates extra work for the course staff, it creates grading imbalances for your classmates, and it prevents you from learning the material that the rest of your academic career is built on. We will take cheating very seriously. If we catch you cheating, or helping someone cheat, the penalty will not be less than a zero on the applicable assignment and the incident will be reported to the College.

Guidelines for authorized assistance
You are encouraged to study in groups, and to come to office hours in groups. Studying in groups usually will result in all of you understanding the material better. You, working with other members of your study group, can often unravel concepts to the benefit of all members of the group much better than one person can, working alone. You may work in groups of up to three for MPs. Within your declared groups, you can do anything you want. You must turn in your own MP assignment in your repository, we cannot use your group mate's submission for grading. Your submission can otherwise be bitwise identical to that of your group mate's. Copying code from old MPs is NOT allowed. Outside your declared group, any specific discussion about the MPs is discouraged until past the late submission deadline. Specifically prohibited is: (a) carrying any notes out of a meeting with non-group members, (b) working on the MP while any short-term memory remains from your discussions with non-group members, (c) discussing specific approaches with non-group members. You will be required to declare your group members for each MP. You may change groups for each MP, or retain the same group throughout the semester. If we detect evidence of collaborations on MPs outside of the declared groups, we will deem any intergroup assistance to be unauthorized. If any case of cheating is found on your MPs, you will lose at least 50% of your total MP grade (7.5% of total score) and be reported to the college. For severe case of cheating, additional penalty will be applied at the instructor's discretion.

Exams are individual assessments. Students are not authorized to give or receive assistance. Neither electronic nor mechanical devices are permitted while taking the exam, except those that are medically necessary.

If you are confused about what exactly is or is not permitted, you should ask the course coordinator (Prof. Chen, ywchen@illinois) for clarification. Confusion or ignorance of the rules is not an excuse.
